v3.0/how-to/scale/with-ansible:add_attention_pd (#1727)
pingcap/docs: v3.0/how-to/scale/with-ansible.md

        {deploy_dir}/scripts/start_pd.sh
        ```

        > **Note:**
        >

>         > You need to confirm that the `health` status of the newly added PD node is "true" using [PD Control](/v3.0/reference/tools/pd-control.md). Otherwise, the PD service fails to start and an error message `["join meet error"] [error="etcdserver: unhealthy cluster"]` is returned in the log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > Before start, you need to ensure that the `health` status of the newly added PD node is "true", using [PD Control](/v3.0/reference/tools/pd-control.md). Otherwise, the PD service might fail to start and an error message `["join meet error"] [error="etcdserver: unhealthy cluster"]` is returned in the log.
```

Reviewer: "ensure" is stronger than "confirm".  And "otherwise" only suggests a possibility, not a definite thing.
